Add Kuma contribution link to Mesh intro. (#4703)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/mesh/index.md

For the latest version support information for
{{site.mesh_product_name}}, see our [version support policy](/mesh/latest/support-policy).

## Contribute

> You can contribute to the development of {{site.mesh_product_name}} by contributing to [Kuma](https://kuma.io/). For more information see the [contribution guide](https://kuma.io/docs/1.8.x/contribute/introduction/#community).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contribute to the development of {{site.mesh_product_name}} by contributing to [Kuma](https://kuma.io/). For more information, see the [contribution guide](https://kuma.io/docs/latest/contribute/introduction/#community).
```
